
1). Introduce yourself
Ans.  I am manoj mahale i am 23 years old 
  I complete Graeducation  in b. Sc camistry in ss a agrawal at navasari 
  I ma living  navagam dindoli  at  surat 
  My course web designer in top technology at surat
  
  My hobby , reading book  ,  dwroing  ,  music leasing  , 
  -And  my strength 
  -  Adaptility and  Flexibility
  -  Time management 
   - Learning attitude 
   - Adapted  new environment 
 -   Good team player 
    And 
    Weaknesses
-Public speaking
-new parson communication 
-Asking for help

-My gole company in team leader  position


2). Why did you choose this language?

=> Because this felid in more opportunity  it's not difficult to enter this industry without professional education.
  just need knowledge and inter this field  and my intrest in drawing and  designing
And then choose to web designing.. 
And after my full stack development  specifically
back end developer...



3). Explain your project.
Ans. my project website.frantpage and creative desing . Designing a web page involves creating a visual layout and aesthetic. 
Start by defining the purpose and target audience of your page. Understand the type of content and what actions the user will
 perform on the web page. Sketch ideas and create wireframes or mockups of the layout.


4). What do you know about our company?


5). What are your strengths?
 -And  my strength 
  -  Adaptility and  Flexibility
  -  Time management 
   - Learning attitude 
   - Adapted  new environment 
 -   Good team player 


6). Specify your weakness?
=> Public speaking
-new parson communication 
-Asking for help


7). What motivates you to do a good job?

=>  1) that you love and believe in what you do, and 
    2) that you enjoy helping people (the customers). Also, as we mentioned earlier, remember not to say that compensation is your motivation for working hard

8). What is your salary expectations?
=> “My salary expectations are in line with my experience and qualifications.” Or, “If this is the right job for me,
 I'm sure we can come to an agreement on salary.” This will show that you're willing to negotiate. Offer a range


9). Tell me about your achievements.


10). Where else have you applied?
=> Yes, I have applied to few other companies as well and I have some interviews coming up,
 but this company is my first choice. I admire the company's goals and would love to be a part of it.


11). If given a choice would you like to work in a team or standalone?
= >  I enjoy working by myself and as a team pretty much equally. I love taking on independent projects,
 but at a certain point, I want to put my head together with a team and really refine the concept. 
I also have enough experience to know that my work is better when I get input throughout the process.



12). What are your expectations from the company?
=> My expectations for the company would be to provide a work environment in which I can contribute to the team,
 I receive appreciation for my contributions, I have job stability and the ability to grow with the company



13). What makes you angry?
=> If someone is not speaking properly and arguing over useless things it makes me so angry. 
And there are other things also like people breaking trust and didn't able to live up to their words.
 If someone is not behaving and speaking with me properly, which I don't like then I get sometimes angry.


14). Whom do you consider as your role model?
=>  emphasised the importance of hard work, discipline, and adaptability in kl rahul's journey.
 Dravid noted that the 31-year-old's success is a result of the sacrifices he has made throughout his career and his



15). Tell me about your hobbies.
=> Reading Book , playing cricket , drawing 

16). Where do you see yourself five years down the line?

=> In five years, I see myself as an integral part of the company who has helped contribute to the growth and success of the organization.
 I would like to continue developing my skills and knowledge in order to be able to take on more responsibility within the company.


17). Are you comfortable extending your work timings and work over weekends?

=> Yes, I am comfortable working on Sundays. I understand that the needs of the company may require me to work weekends, 
and I am willing to be flexible and accommodate those needs. I am also available to work other days of the week and willing to be flexible with my schedule.


18). How long would you work for us if hired?
=> I expect to be here for as long as I can make contributions. I would prefer to stay long-term, if possible.
 I like the flexible work hours your Company offers, which would work well with my other commitments, such as my studies (or children, family, etc.)


19). Can you work under pressure or deadlines?
=> Yes, I can work well under pressure because there is no job or task which has no pressure. 
This is required for the timely completion of the work. Without pressure, no one will be bothered to complete the work on time

20). What is the biggest mistake you ever made?
=> i choosre in after 12th b.sc(chemisttry)

21). What was the toughest decision you ever had to make?
=> A few to 5 mounth Before change my field this  toughest decision my life 


22). What was the biggest failure you had to face?


23). Why should I hire you?
=> focus on me  relevant skills, experience, and achievements that make you the best fit for the role.
 Highlight how you can contribute to the company's success and address their specific needs and requirements.

24). Would you be ready to relocate if hired?
 => For the right opportunity I am definitely willing to relocate. I believe that this position and company is that opportunity.”
 If you have no issue with relocating for this position,



25). Do you know anyone who works for us?
=> I do not personally know anyone who works for your company; however, I am connected with a couple of your employees on LinkedIn due to common group interests. I look forward to getting to know your team!"